doc: release-notes-latest: Summarize networking changes from the upmerge (#2639)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

The following list summarizes the most important changes inherited from upstream Zephyr:

* LwM2M:

>   - Fixed a bug, where FOTA socket was not closed after the download (PULL mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed a bug where a FOTA socket was not closed after the download (PULL mode).
```

Reviewer: Please replace all "-" with "*".

>   - Allow to specify how early before the timeout shall Register Update be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Allowed to specify how early before the time-out the Register Update will be sent.
```

Reviewer: How is this specified? Is it a Kconfig option, or a parameter to a function?

Author: It's a Kconfig option.

  - Added ObjLnk resource type support.

* MQTT:

>   - `utf8` pointer in `mqtt_utf8` struct is now const.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The ``utf8`` pointer in the :c:type:`mqtt_utf8` struct is now const.
```
It should be possible to link to the struct (let's see if the CI agrees 😉  ).

>   - The default `clean_session` value is now configurable with Kconfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The default ``clean_session`` value is now configurable with Kconfig (see :option:`CONFIG_MQTT_CLEAN_SESSION`).
```

> * OpenThread:

Reviewer: I think you need an empty line after this.

>   - Updated OpenThread revision up to upstream commit e653478c503d5b13207b01938fa1fa494a8b87d3.
>   - Implemented missing `enable` API function for OpenThread interface.
>   - Cleaned up OpenThread Kconfig file - OpenThread dependencies are now enabled automatically.
>   - Allow the applicaiton to register OpenThread state change callback.
>   - Reimplemented logger glue layer, for better performance.
>   - OpenThread thread priority class is now configurable.
>   - Several new Kconfig options added, customizing OT stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the OpenThread revision to upstream commit e653478c503d5b13207b01938fa1fa494a8b87d3.
  * Implemented a missing ``enable`` API function for the OpenThread interface.
  * Cleaned up the OpenThread Kconfig file.
    OpenThread dependencies are now enabled automatically.
  * Allowed the application to register a callback function for OpenThread state changes.
  * Reimplemented the logger glue layer for better performance.
  * Updated the OpenThread thread priority class to be configurable.
  * Added several Kconfig options to customize the OpenThread stack.
```

>   - Several new Kconfig options added, customizing OT stack.

Reviewer: Can we list the Kconfig options that were added, or are there too many?

Author: There were quite a few of them, IMO not worth listing them all.

* Socket offloading:

>  - Removed dependency to `POSIX_NAMES` config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Removed dependency to the :option:`CONFIG_NET_SOCKETS_POSIX_NAMES` configuration option.
```
Is that the correct one?

Author: Yes, that's correct.

The following list summarizes the most important changes inherited from upstream Zephyr:

> * LwM2M:

Reviewer 2: Can you move this whole section under a "Networking" header?

Author: Yes, done

  * Fixed a bug where a FOTA socket was not closed after the download (PULL mode).

>   * Allowed to specify how early before the time-out the Register Update will be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a Kconfig option :option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_SECONDS_TO_UPDATE_EARLY` that specifies how long before the time-out the Registration Update will be sent.
```

    The kernel now uses the standard Zephyr logging API at DBG log level for this purpose.
    The logging module used for the kernel is named ``os``.

> * Networking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Networking:
```
